What is Git and why is it useful? Give specific examples of situations where you would want to use Git.

  Github is an important tool to any programmer and there are many situations where it is essential. The biggest reason why Github is so useful is because it
  allows programmers to share their source code with other programmers easily over the internet. This lets people work together on different projects and it
  helps them keep track of all the changes made to the code. Github can be used for very small groups like just a few people, or it could be used for pretty
  large groups. With most other ways off collaborating on code, you would have to send your code over to someone and they could make changes or add things,
  after that they could send it back and you could see the new things they did. Doing that would take so much more time than just using github because with
  github, the code is on the internet and everyone who knows the link can access it. You can choose who is allowed to change the code and add things to the
  repository too. I would use github if I was stuck on some code and I needed help, or if I was working on some kind of a project with other people on the
  internet.

Why would you want to create your own function? Give an example
  Creating your own function can be one of the most useful things for a programmer. The best part about functions is that you don't need to know what is
  going on inside of it, you just need to know what to input and what it is going to do. You can make a function do anything, but usually they are used
  to contain parts of your code that you will be using a lot. It is very useful to be able to just call on a function that you already made, rather than
  rewriting the code all over again to do the same thing. One example of a situation where I would use a function is if I needed to filter out all of the
  lines with email addresses a lot in a program. I would make a function to do filter all the lines and then whenever I needed only the email addresses I
  would use the function.

What are the important parts of a loop? Why are they important? What are the two general categories of loops?
  Loops are used all the time in programs. The two main categories of loops are for loops and while loops, they are both useful in different ways. The for
  loop can be used when you want to do something to everything in a list or something else. If you wanted to add 1 to every term in your list, you could make
  a for loop that would do that. For loops are probably used more because of there accessibility, but while loops are still very useful. While loops are more
  abstract and not as simple to use. You would use a while loop if you wanted to execute a program while something is true or while something is happening.
  For example, if you wanted something to execute 50 times, you could make a variable for the number of types and then put the code in a while loop for when
  the variable is under 50.

Describe what lists are. Give an example using a list to solve a coding problem.
  Lists are some of the most common data structures in any coding language. In python, they can be used to store almost anything and you can use them in almost
  every situation. Lists are used to store multiple items in one variable. After you make a list, it can be changed in many different ways, one of the most
  common being to add things to it with .append. Lists are essential for any program and most things done on computers wouldn't be able to be done without
  them. If I had to take all the numbers out of a text file and find their averages and sums, I would definitely use a list. I could append all of the numbers
  to a list and find the average and sum easily from there. Without using lists, something that simple would be very difficult to do.
